### 快速使用RDB分析工具进行RDB分析

Rct-analyze analyzer needs to be deployed on Redis machine when RDB analysis tool is used for RDB analysis
### Deploy RCT-Anaylze
Whether deployed via docker or jar, the analyzer program should be deployed on all machines of the Redis cluster or Redis instance that you want to analyze. Since our architecture USES springCloud's Eureka(registration and discovery of services), all the analyzer programs have only one central node, namely rct-dashboard program.

After the deployment is completed, the RDB file of Redis can be analyzed. The deployment steps are as follows:

First, navigate into the Analyze module of RDB
#### 1.完善RDB分析配置信息
   如If the RDB analysis configuration information has not been added before, the page will pop up in the add page to improve the RDB information. Page specific parameters[To See More Details](./如何使用RDB分析工具.md)
#### 2.进行RDB分析
 After completing the RDB analysis configuration information, click the Analyze button at the bottom right and click ok. After that, the center node (RCT-dashboard) starts to distribute tasks to the rct-analyze analysis program deployed by each Redis node. The analysis program starts to Analyze the RDB files generated by the native Redis node and feedback the status and progress of analysis to the center node. After the distribution of the center node (RCT-dashboard) is successful, the analysis success dialog box will pop up and click the view Progress button in the box to check the analysis Progress of each node.
 If you accidentally quit the analysis progress page, you can also click the view progress button in the status information of the Analyze module in RDB to enter the progress page again.
#### 3.查看分析结果
 After the RDB file analysis is successful, the analysis results are written to the database rdb_analyze_result table, and if the report is configured in the RDB analysis information, the analysis results will be sent to the configured recipients after the analysis is completed.
 The analysis results are also presented to the user in a visual form, as detailed in the following sections[Chart module](./Chart模块介绍.md)

At this point, a simple RDB analysis is complete.
   
#### 注意

##### 1.定时对RDB文件进行分析
When timing analysis is performed on the RDB file, the correct cron expression must be filled in; if not, or if corn is wrong, the timing task will fail.
##### 2.RDB分析时Loading等待时间较长
After clicking on the analysis, the Loading process is that the server is distributing the analysis task to the Redis node. If the RDB persistence is not opened,
Then the first step is to generate the RDB file. The long process time to generate the RDB file leads to a long waiting time in loading. (the Loading timeout is 40 minutes).
##### 3.如果集群没有打开rdb持久化，rdb分析怎么使用
First, you need to in the application configuration file. The properties of a modified configuration for ``` RCT. RDB. Generate. Enable = true ```
If the cluster does not start RDB persistence, after clicking on the analysis, the program will select the slave node to automatically generate the RDB file. The directory to generate the file follows the path configured in redis. RDB is generated and analyzed.

**RDB file generation is serial, and only execute** in the slave, this ensures that only one instance of the whole cluster is doing persistence, we have reduced the performance impact to the minimum, after testing, online business is not aware.
